This file sasumes that you have successfully installed the phpgwtimetrack
application under phpgroupware and can access the "Time Track" menu
pages. The following is a brief outline of the methology on using 
phpgwtimetrack interspersed with random ramblings on the inner
workings of the program.

Customer data is stored in the customers table. A "Customer" is a company
that you do work for. A "Customer" must exist BEFORE you can create
JOBS for it.

Contacts are individuals of the customer for which jobs are done. The
addressbook table is used to store data for contacts. Contacts are
currently NOT required in order for phpgwtimetrack to function, they can
always be assigned later.

Employees are the people who have login accounts on the phpgroupware site
and also have data associated with them in the employee_profiles tables.
Use the "Edit Profiles" menu in phpgwtimetrack to add additional information
for your employees. Most of this info is not mandatory, but adds to the
functionality of the program. For instance, the main starting page for
phpgwtimetrack consists of a basic in/out board for employees, arranged
by company location. There is currently no interface for editing the
locations table inside phpgwtimetrack, but phpMyAdmin can be used in a
pinch here. Please note that although the "Edit" menu may be currently
available in the profiles list, the current listing is iterated using the
accounts table, so be sure to use the "Add" button to assign profiles to
the users instead of just trying to "Edit" a non-existent profile. I know,
I should have programmed this differently. Hopefully for now, you won't
have too high a turnover rate at your company. Note that I originally
"borrowed" (and enhanced) the profile stuff from what was at one time
the "Human Resources" app, in case anyone thought it looked familiar.
Instead of storing employee pictures in the database though, I decided
it was easier to just access images (in the images dir) that are named
for the login name. You will find several sample images in that directory
that were borrowed from cartoon characters for testing purposed only.
You can rename them to match your logins or simply replace them with
your own. Please note the size restrictions of 120x100 pixels.

Jobs are specific tasks that are assigned for a customer, have a related
contact for the customer, a primary employee is assigned along with other
data (quote dates, times, etc). As stated previously, you must have a
customer before you can create a job. Also, you must have a job before
you can add job_details for it.

Job details (timesheet entries) are entries made by the employee for a
specific job on a specific date.

Jobs also have an associated job_status, which can be customized from
the defaults included, but the current ones are generic enough that they
should work in most cases. Presently the only way to modify these is by
using another mysql interface, like phpMyadmin or similar.

Job_details can also have associated work_catagories, which can also be
customized from the included defaults. Here is where most companies would
probably like to make changes, unless they are in the CAD/CAM design
industry. Again, the only way to customize these currently is using a
separate sql interface.

Well, I hope I have provided everyone with the info they need to get started
using and improving phpgwtimetrack. Check out the "TODO" file for a list
of items I currently have planned to implement. Any one is free to contribute,
but please keep in mind that I would at least like to keep the current
methodology in some way. In other words, I wouldn't want it to evolve
into something that would be un-usable by my company (unless it is split
into a separate product).
